question why an academic career well
though I can understand now is you know
as somebody who is partly an academic
myself I can enjoy I'm pretty much an
accident that became an academic the
secrets of events that meaning for
example to my attending University
well unexpected it was hardly my
intention as the child to go to
university would didn't understand what
it meant so I did go relatively are
absolutely uneducated to the University
and no acquaintance with no previous
acquaintance with minimal previous
literary experience and so on you can
calculate facility with numbers is
evident so physicists but I will tell
you that my experience with physicists
was not so good in that it was I have to
fancy that time already to construct
theory so my first course on
thermodynamics I I waxed element about
my when it some essay is something that
we wanted from the teacher that I was
eloquent about the possibilities of
thermodynamics and what it needs and so
on but didn't feel to this teacher and
so when it proves like that was
clear so there's no question I didn't
have to argue about mathematics
- teachers but I didn't sometimes have
to argue about it with the Billy
teachers find that poor experience I
think I would have chosen something else
but I ain't no variance so I did not
you